Update de.flapdoodle.embed.mongo to 4.13.0 in main (#297)
input-output-hk/atala-prism-mediator: make-trust-ping-example-kotlin.md

# Test Mediator (Trust Ping)

Start the mediator from repo using sbt 
```sbt
 sbt mediator/run  
```
Using  Docker 

> ***if you have mac os comment the the line

Reviewer: ```suggestion
***if you have macOS comment the the line
```
